Fix wording from 1799 (#1811)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/execution-modes-faq.mdx

    Can I change the interactive timeout (ITTL) or the maximum timeout of a session?
  </summary>

> You cannot change the interactive timeout value. You can change the maximum timeout value of a session (see [Specify the session length](run-jobs-session#specify-length)), but it must be below the system-defined maximum. Ask your administrator to contact IBM support if you need a different interactive TTL or system maximum TTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot change the interactive timeout value. You can change the maximum timeout value of a session (see [Specify the session length](run-jobs-session#specify-length)), but it must be less than the system-defined maximum. Ask your administrator to contact IBM support if you need a different interactive TTL or system maximum TTL.
```
